Add how to add whole JS files to tutorial (#1246)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: docs/documentation/adding-css-javascript-and-images.md

Do not change files in the `/public` folder because it’s deleted and rebuilt every time you make a change to your prototype.

Learn how to add:

- [CSS](#add-css)
- [JavaScript](#add-javascript)
- [images](#add-images)

> - [other files](#add-other-files)

Author: Are we 100% sure we want to use anchor links? Asking because of the [service manual guidance](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/content-design/links#avoid-anchor-links).

Author: @joelanman Thanks for researching into anchor links! Can see from the Slack convo on the Design channel that we're ok to use them here. I'll close this comment thread.

@import "admin";
```

## Add JavaScript

You can use JavaScript to make changes to a web page without loading a new one. For example, a user could enter some numbers, then JavaScript displays the results of a calculation without loading a new page.

To add JavaScript, use:

```
/app/assets/javascripts/application.js
```

Do not edit the file `/public/javascript/application.js` because it’s deleted and rebuilt every time you make a change to your prototype.

> To add a whole JavaScript file, add it to `app/assets/javascript`.

Author: Is it awkward to use 'add' twice in this sentence? Also, what does the user add the whole JS file to - the Kit?

Maybe we could write something like:

```suggestion
To add a whole JavaScript file to the Kit, run `app/assets/javascript/[your filename]`.
```
